Completing docker run command (network mode) (#10001)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/docker/apm.md

This exposes the hostname `datadog-agent` in your `app` container.
If you're using `docker-compose`, `<NETWORK_NAME>` parameters are the ones defined under the `networks` section of your `docker-compose.yml`.

> Your application tracers must be configured to submit traces to this address. Set environment variables with the `DD_AGENT_HOST` as the Agent container name, and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` as the Agent Trace port in your application containers (in this example case above, respectively `datadog-agent` and `8126` (default value so you can avoid setting it)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your application tracers must be configured to submit traces to this address. Set environment variables with the `DD_AGENT_HOST` as the Agent container name, and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` as the Agent Trace port in your application containers. The example above uses host `datadog-agent` and port `8126` (the default value so you don't have to set it).
```
